Create ui-c8y-1022-24-1-fix-system-theme-9830-graft-release-cd-9842.md (#3666)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-24-1-fix-system-theme-9830-graft-release-cd-9842.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed system theme not being applied correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: System theme applied correctly across the platform
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64453
version: 1022.24.1
---

> In some cases, the system theme was not being applied correctly across all areas of the application. This issue has been resolved. Users will no longer experience inconsistencies in the application's appearance and can expect a cohesive look and feel based on their selected system theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, the system theme was not being applied correctly across all areas of the platform. This issue has been resolved. Users will no longer experience inconsistencies in the platform's appearance and can expect a cohesive look and feel based on their selected system theme.
```
